suicide	i can't swim any longer.i can't hold my breath. i've been trying so hard but the waves are slowly pulling me under and i think i'll let them.
non_suicide	succes comes only to those who believe themselves and are prepared to win
suicide	dear world, i am leaving because i am bored. i feel i have lived long enough, i am leaving you with your worries in this sweet cesspool.good luck
non_suicide	go forward with full enthusiasm and got succeded in the itenerary of life.
non_suicide	sweetness in you speech,talent in your mind,love in your heart,peace in your eyes,stength in your hands and i wish always victory in your life.
suicide	we are unhappy with this life and seek a better one
non_suicide	my sweet 16 year old son, joshua ryan alcorn went home to heaven this morning. he was out for an early morning walk and was hit by a truck. thank you for the message and kindness and concern you have sent our way please continue to keep us in you prayers.
suicide	i'm going to kill my self.
suicide	felling frustrated.
suicide	i'm gone make it end so soon.life is full of shit.. see you all in the next phase.
non_suicide	i tried so hard and got so far but in the end it doesn't even metter! i had to fall and lose it all but in the end it doesn't even metter.
non_suicide	physical attractions are common,but a real mental connection is rare. if you find it hold on to it.
non_suicide	the past is in your head and future is in you hand.
non_suicide	apparently when you treat people like they treat you,they get upset.
non_suicide	i'm multitasking... I can listen ,ignore and forget at the same time
non_suicide	Don't trust people who tell you other people secrects.
suicide	good night,you said.good bye, i said.and you never thought twice about it.
suicide	the calm,cool face of the river asked me for a kiss.
suicide	i am left basically nothing. too traped in a war to be at place, too damaged to be at war.
non_suicide	wish you good luck.
suicide	good bye world.
non_suicide	roses are red,voilets are blue. a face like yours belongs in a zoo. don't you worry i'll be there too,not in the cage but laughing at you!!!
suicide	for in that sleep of death what dreams may come.
suicide	no more pain, want to die.
suicide	no body is responsible for my death. i quite!!
suicide	i can't not face the world, that's why i'm leaving....
suicide	i am a disgrace to parents,so it's better to leave.
suicide	thank you world, now it's time to leave
non_suicide	will you marry me.
non_suicide	i love you.
non_suicide	i like you.
non_suicide	don't leave me.
suicide	i quite, the end.
suicide	everything is finished. now world looks like shit for me.
suicide	why people don't love me, i don't wanna stay anymore.
suicide	wanna go to out of world.
suicide	i am done with myself.everything is lost.
